# Flight-Data-Acquisition-unit 
## Developed this Architecture as a part of Academic subject Software Architectuer CSCI 4310-01
The real-time Flight Data Acquisition unit is designed for the aviation domain focusing on collecting, processing, storing, and retrieving sensor data. It supports data ingestion at a rate of 10 megabytes per second from primary source of sensors without eliminating bad data using a FIFO approach. The platform retains all data for the past 10 hours and ensures real-time processing. This system uses NoSQL data base to store a data of 360GB in a 512GB solid state Drive(SSD).This system adheres to Interface Controlled Document (ICD) specifications and uses an Ethernet link as the protocol for data retrieval only by an authorized person at a rate of retrieval 200 megabytes per second facilitating data retrieval in less than 30 minutes.

## A Paper on NETFLIX SOFTWARE ARCHITECTURE Addressing Quality Attributes
“NETFLIX” which is one of the prominent entertainment streaming providers. It is launched in 1997 as a DVD rental startup, in 2008, due to the heavy demand for DVDs, Netflix began an infrastructure transformation allowing them to embrace scalable, robust data infrastructure management. We all are familiar with Netflix services. It handles large categories of movies and television content, and users pay the monthly rent to access these contents. Netflix has about more than 180M subscribers in 100+ countries. Handling such as complex functionalities within a system is not just a simple task. Ensuring uninterrupted, 24/7 access to such a complex functionality is no small feat. This paper will investigate the architectural aspects that have made Netflix’s success possible in the digital data driven world. Netflix’s architectural evolution has played a pivotal role in its ability to deliver seamless streaming experiences to viewers worldwide.

This architectural structure of Netflix modified from a monolithic system and divides the application into a network of smaller and interconnected services, each with a specific function. This implementation divided the system into independent services and formed a network of services called as Microservices Architecture, these services individually handle various functions such as content delivery, user authentication, recommendation engines, and payment processing. Microservice architecture focuses on both how individual systems are developed and how they communicate with each other. It’s an approach to designing and building software systems. In this paper will manifest how the Netflix architecture addresses the identified quality attributes. These Quality Attributes influence the prioritization and are implemented by making necessary trade-offs. 
